Zaraz: add an explanation for how to use Google Consent Mode (#13259)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/faq.md

{{</faq-answer>}}
{{</faq-item>}}

{{<faq-item>}}
{{<faq-question level=4 text="How can I enable Google Consent Mode signals?" >}}

{{<faq-answer>}}

> Zaraz supports Google Consent Mode for both Google Analytics and Google Ads. Go to your tool page and select **Settings**. Click **Add field**, and select **Consent Mode** from the drop-down, then **Confirm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zaraz supports Google Consent Mode for both Google Analytics and Google Ads. Go to your tool page and select **Settings**. Select **Add field**, and select **Consent Mode** from the drop-down menu. Then, select **Confirm**.
```

> The value for Consent Mode must adhere to Google's defined format, which is a 4-character string starting with `G1`, followed by two characters indicating consent status for Marketing and Analytics. `1` indicates consent, `0` indicates no consent, and `-` indicates no consent was required. For example, setting the value to `G111` means the user has granted consent for both Marketing and Analytics, `G101` means consent for Analytics only, and `G10-` means no consent for Marketing but no required consent for Analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for Consent Mode must adhere to Google's defined format, which is a four-character string starting with `G1`, followed by two characters indicating consent status for Marketing and Analytics. `1` indicates consent, `0` indicates no consent, and `-` indicates no consent was required. For example, setting the value to `G111` means the user has granted consent for both Marketing and Analytics, `G101` means consent for Analytics only, and `G10-` means no consent for Marketing but no required consent for Analytics.
```

> Since the value for Consent Mode may change per user or session, it's recommended to dynamically set this value using `zaraz.set` in your website code. For instance, use `zaraz.set("google_consent", "G100")` on page load, and `zaraz.set("google_consent", "G111")` after the user granted consent for Marketing and Analytics. In the **Consent Mode** field, click the **+** symbol, choose **Event Property**, and type `google_consent` as the property name. Zaraz will then use the latest value of the `google_consent` Event Property as the Consent Mode string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the value for Consent Mode may change per user or session, it is recommended to dynamically set this value using `zaraz.set` in your website code. For instance, use `zaraz.set("google_consent", "G100")` on page load, and `zaraz.set("google_consent", "G111")` after the user granted consent for Marketing and Analytics. In the **Consent Mode** field, select the **+** symbol, choose **Event Property**, and type `google_consent` as the property name. Zaraz will then use the latest value of the `google_consent` Event Property as the Consent Mode string.
```
